Now that you've had a closer look under the hood,
you can see what an incredibly powerful tool Google Analytics is,
and how it can serve almost any of your reporting needs.
You can derive insights that will help you improve your site,
your marketing, and your business.
But the vast possibilities and the massive amounts of data,
can also become somewhat overwhelming.
That's where custom reports and dashboards can help you.
We will show you in this course how you can use them.
Before we get started,
it's a good idea for you to remember one of our earlier lessons about goals and KPIs.
It's good to list your goals and the metrics that will
indicate whether you are successful in reaching them.
Those will be the metrics that you want to monitor and report on on an ongoing basis.
They will form the basis of the custom reports and dashboards,
you decide to build.
As you will see, Google Analytics has a build in custom reporting option,
where you can build the reports you want to see and share on an ongoing basis.
But Google also offers a separate tool, Google Data studio,
that lets you build dashboards or reports with your Google Analytics data.
We will take a look at both,
but in this first lesson,
we'll focus on the build in Google Analytics custom reports.
Let's get started.